hey guys go today I'm going doing a
really fun video and it is sponsored my
first ever sponsored video and I'm also
going to be joined by my sister angel
hard and we're going to be doing a
really fun video that was climbing
enough sponsored by the authors of Rita
nation now my last video was also a
review of their book so if you haven't
seen that be sure to check it out here
is the book right here so about a couple
of weeks ago the authors Keira Michelle
contact me on instagram and said you
know they have this really fun on to you
if they sent her some candy and if we
try it for the first time and we're
going to be trying American candy for
the first time obviously were Australian
so we're never had before and at the
moment current Michelle are contacted me
I just thought instantly what an awesome
idea and as soon as the package came of
being dying to eat it who have been to
ya so guys some of the candy we're going
to be in today is mention in the book
Bria nation and that's why Karen
michelle has the idea that what it would
be so good because I was doing the
review of the book and they would send
me some of the candy that was mentioned
in the book in some of the chapters with
Maddie Alex and Haden so we're going to
be trying some of the candidates I found
when they were on their troubles so
we're just going to get straight into it
and start trying to candy do what you
want to trust us I think I want them
down quick Joseph okay so we're going to
be trying alpine strawberries sure this
is done here it was never had them
before and I reckon they going to be
very still and I don't like jealousy I
lockdown yeah I know you do like so
effing a bit really time
[Music]
there you can just taste the sugar like
straight away this is more your thing
mmhmm yeah listen more using I say away
from shell with some I can just feel the
sugar this is something you would buy
you a tough month of life you should
tell you nice social the only limit it
sir that was nobody right amount eyes
down 90 notice to the right amount of
live in pieces not you know try these
goldfish baked crackers are these are
the first things I noticed when I was in
the package and they share base with
real teeth and I love to think so I'm
sort of scared to try them I don't know
I'm having a lifetime or not but I
really want to try and I loved it like
this style of them too little you
probably won't like it yeah well I love
chasing they smell like biscuits hmm
[Applause]
look at that that's so cool we don't
have anything like this please try one
here we go
then I know like shapes then it please
play though but we get that we get the
facial whole oh yeah you can taste the
bake no no bacon and cheese look because
I wouldn't be eating them a cell bacon
yeah I like em i buy them to sponsor
yeah some government code can you pick
next um I reckon they're purely Cheetos
of course you have to picture the hot
thing I'm I'm doing dania hot things do
I make a new life I think you like hot
things okay so we've got these please
one another thing that I noticed
straight away because we have cheese
fritos in Australia that I've never seen
climbing hot crunchy ones before so I
don't know if that is that area or an i
saw them come on show that I'm never
paintings 24 hours yeah just came to try
them you guys that we've also brought
water because of these take a long hot
oh those rotten and some water have some
water and jump you they look scary they
look like fried finger or something and
like I don't know like m44 even yeah so
even if you have drink it you'll burn
this cancer has a little water okay
not that hot what are you going on with
it done they just like a regular hot now
live super hot like the way you carried
on making out like a sapphire any map I
like them are they time ago do you know
what's the roaming is not going on well
I don't like what things my thumb's like
one third it's like eating those noodles
so spicy noodles we like what do they
call mega rains oh yeah that's what they
taste like but then felt like your chili
flavor I'll I survive I eat them I'll
give him a 7 because salt vinegar chips
like my ultimate favorite okay that's
all oh no I think one went down the
wrong way I think for my school I think
I'm hoping I'm out still burning yeah I
haven't even had any water so that's the
first okay i'm going to try one that I
really wanted to try some Tyson applause
and that such a butterfingers I've never
had these before and I love chocolate
and they're crispy crunchy peanut
buttery and I love peanut butter said
l'attention harm know each other
so that people the peanut butter all
they had they're like really hard that I
don't know eat it I thought I was so
come on absolutely sure the sauce mmm
because I hate country thinks or twice I
way from picnic chocolate because they
like crunchy but they take their nice
beautiful like yourself right there's a
little bit hard but it's really soft
when you get into it but also blows of
it I love them oh bugger bugger date
them over your next to pick okay i'm
doing a kick i'm still got that butter
you can get stuck in my teeth what does
that sir christopher oh yes obviously
there by the name because the twinkies
that we've got here for us hope that's
written on them too so I don't know what
they are but they're like a cake and I'm
guessing they got there like a package
cadburys we get the jam and cream once
and daddy yet the caramel one but I left
again McLean once the way up and that
now you get secreted caramel yeah so
there's I don't know I reckon they got
to be like an Oreo that's like a soft
cake person I reckon like this to the
song takes me a minute yeah that's what
I reckon sugar often they gotta have
like a white pepper to it are they soft
enough mm-hmm
I was right or what haha i'll give you
the bigger piece hmm my students like my
fellow something oh my goodness i love
this new saw a 10 out of 10 I love cake
and chocolate and that's the combined so
nice what am I name because the hostess
is the frown but obviously they got less
up put it on my food so what's the next
one you want to try um I see this one
pop pop tarts it okay i was looking at
them but you said and so did mum she
said that she recommends to put them in
the toaster they're all crumbles from
like the trouble so she oh how we go eat
then it doesn't say it smell instruction
shall we entered sorry if we eastham
long because another had in this one so
we have with them in the toaster be
hosted broken yes okay so we just go
open oh cool looks like they're twinkle
dinner no like to like a pastry
obviously they're pastry oh cool look at
that I'll go through them their online
I'll dryer had sprinkles on them hmm
they're very doughy
like you can just place the flour and
dough on them it's not a peace they're
perfectly stamina yeah I could take the
chance really yummy I know if I love
tomorrow because no one know that
they're supposed to be toasted but I'll
go taste but I posted or if I basing on
the ladies at my suggestion hello ma'am
yes okay but you like them don't you
yeah out of ham look you rate the top
time I think five yeah 5 2 y'all
survival rating in life like halfway
like they're decent yes I'm going to go
for vibe to the host we didn't toast
them I think they're supposed to be
toasted because you watched a YouTube
video and they chose to some new mate
yes conversation heart those little
interesting they're going to be like one
of those lollies that you have worked at
blakes lets you buy them in the shop and
they're like bracelet lollies and eat
them off why just on your ear 69 ya know
that means by necklaces of them when you
guys to like to show and everything and
looking closely at them they look like
what Taylor Swift puts in her mouth in
the blank space music video you know
when she's laying down and she seems
that part and its got like it does it
take kiss me or love me on the love
heart lolly and cheapest the guys would
fit in them out you don't know what I'm
talking about the ideas we all watch
that music video more time for near here
yeah but that's I'm pretty sure that's
what they are yes it's just too and
fancy you it might be a Valentine's
dating converse a tiny conversation
hearts branch American candy maker
precious run on a winding really careful
with the packaging and normally when I
got chocolate all alike
without it yeah okay you get one out
clue all right god H&K arts and kisses
hmm ok what did I get well so there's a
laugh out loud out of all lots of love
as they lost a lot because I think our
Valentine's day-themed I have lemon or
orange in mind you can taste it runs
like a sure that your breasts like a
strawberry led a lot to taste my
strawberry yeah that's what she does in
the music video I'm ready for these are
the things that she has in a mouth
here's the cool way so I've always said
that cool a choice we mentioned in like
everything yeah I see on my videos when
I watch it and I always think they're so
cool but I never got the janitor get
them because they're from America is
going to be like yo water yeah or
something to it like cottages like we
have cordial so I think our cordial use
kool aid to America you're a champion
because that's like a cyclic wedding you
go water and now so i think i think this
one powder exact that is dissolved in
the water create like a flower and like
I mentioned at the start some of the
candy that we're eating today is
actually mentioned in the book breda
nation like kool-aid for instance as
well as Twinkies now we're going to pour
it into the water I wasn't expecting
that on the go oh this is on the go kool
aid sugar free learning must have like a
liquid in America so there must be a
good okay yeah so these are on the go
cool
and one of them yeah can you smell that
you can just smell it oh yeah is strong
so I don't drink corneal but you do I
look how red that just with Khloe how
red that is your taste in that certain
it's really strong water it down well
let's go rest on it look it's going out
to talk look at this busy cool okay okay
boys want to try kool-aid tastes like
medicine when you smell it now but
tastes so yummy really nice yeah yeah I
could it's nice I don't drink fizzy
drink I am I don't like milk water or
tea so this is yeah this is really nice
trying them I see what you mean about
the medicine smell yeah that's what
yours and strawberry flavored medicine
it's not like it's an exercise all in
the box so we're going to try and get
through all of them before we lose any
Life so you can pick next what we got
tried um I'm actually going to pick it
to pop rocks save up to flavor yes go to
the payment and I'm watermelon and
strawberry shall reach the haul them up
show everyone what we're going to be
trying so which one you want to go for
it um red because the regiment at
Machpelah i can line right Red's my
favorite color too ok so here we go easy
you put them in water no you just put
them on your tongue you just put them on
your down there likely excuse me and
powdery I'm terrified of popping candy I
yeah I'm just terrified of it sounds
like she you have popping candy all the
time she gets both spider drinks from
hungry jacks and you you can hear it the
flopping of the candy and her mouth of
the drink and it really creeps me out
it's all almond honest I'm scared to try
it beautiful this is how you doing oh
can you hear that oh my goodness i hate
the sound of it oh oh can you hear that
just back down the hall ok remember
hands it was helpful what some stuck to
my hands they're really sticky you've
got more any mouth that's why you're so
tiny they all they're jumping in my
mouth we had that normal yes ok yeah oh
looks like they're alive yeah they're
really nice like I taste really nice but
justice and apply having my ears that's
not happening to you ok ok you want to
try the next one I am yep watermelon
watermelon is my favorite yeah i know
you have borne known for school every
day
okay you want me over yeah like this say
that's wide open yeah oh the same
color I'll turn the phone car that's
cool from yourself no wonder its own
color I thought I'd be green and it dig
up you know that they smell like
watermelon okay yeah I'm taking along oh
there's that noise again your lovin that
i'm gonna take a piece out so much more
bigger than a lot of fun we're going to
be the next themes will just get down
back with the whole c'mon we're
narrowing it down because only like a
few more mins left but the other thing
is i think we're going to need milk for
but i'm going to take funding i have
wanted to try finding two years they've
always been mentioning card in movies
and I love onion always Arctic so I
music oh I just yeah I really want to
try to hope I'm not disappointed because
I'm always know that they look like it's
all that day and look like hazel yeah
cuz I low cost but they just like yeah
they look like Jesus
little bit oh I couldn't oh I on mmm
diastar god these are my kind of chick
and they even had seldom address maximal
better hmm you can just place the onion
not love onions Oh YUM I love this gonna
get out attention I love our till
popping this is not a candy oh my
goodness um okay you're next okay I'm
your pic plz too ok now why we have your
exam I see word so what we got without
captain crunch is Barry's so I Josie's
and shows before I think that one is
called like blocking traffic charms yes
so we got later so we just went and got
the milk try then I imitates the banjo
sleep disorder I never got a new the
roses it you're welcome yes I'm right
where I want is Captain Crunch s Barry
yeah reminder bitch totes a bit Marshall
stuff
they lock out um fruitless as what they
dress like they taste exactly like
routledge oh I come yeah Sam yeah thumbs
up mm-hmm next we're going to try the
Lockheed homes of just open them and
you're still eating the captain crunches
so I'm going to go and ask Morrison ok
so don't freak out I didn't add water
add and milk angel teasing you say water
items like yeah I know I realized that
evening water and it's milk taking you
that for teacher said I'll try
okay a lot of the rainbow RP ah it's
much higher marginal it tastes like ah
well that's what it says how much mine
do you like them mmhmm yeah i don't know
i do i think i like so the captain
crunch better we have one with a bit
more milk it seems a bit weird look we
take young life.the marshmallows art I'm
starting to think is just a bit that
looks like it's mixing with another
flavors does that mean doesn't taste
right yeah very jewelry I know I don't
alkem you're still eating them see you
must like them initiate anything yeah
you go in you can just pick um forehead
my favorite uhm we have nice in
Australia and ankle awesome she ate some
Lobaton took like eight in a mouth full
of one since themselves you can poke
them in and that's cool and I'm be the
ones you've I have that yep thank you
goes black I just don't want it for um
resented and veggies to throw up blue
raspberry um Apple unleavened let's just
have judge have a blue raspberry yeah
What's Wrong blazing light thank you
okay I've never had these before so
let's go to know what I'm gonna best
thing you can eat on the floor now it
could expect don't need to get through
life what you said they're like a tablet
with via
a live in a four you got it you guys
yeah okay 1230 your body's deliberately
lowered your bottom oh oh my goodness Oh
guys got now now mind you wanted I've
gosh bad outlet black ice soccer I told
you my face judgment on Ice King Herod
go fry bread dough ready I'll ha damn
yeah bring on the lemons is second 1i
laughing I hope we can try um what was
your retina you bought it figured right
them attend yes Tim island by them
definitely i like to be off the type but
i don't want to go through what I just
went through it because I was hard well
I don't know why you bought them so I
Owen bottom if I can sit the absolute
what's very much slighter am I still
children yeah nice try big okay so we're
gonna have the three musketeers and
these are really soft so I cannot wait
to fly these Irish am I gonna be like um
maybe absolute or something maybe a fish
chocolate on us as your heart all I know
what they are how do you know what they
are you never had one before her shower
I'm just gonna have a little one to look
they're really soft they similar to the
muki Baum milky why's that so good why
she looked just like I'm going to be
home laughs because we're always willing
to try it and it's twinkies and what
this 20s or much of what many um come on
is one of our all-time favorites
Twinkies when you think of Twinkies what
movie do you think of instantly if you
know what I'm talking about comment down
below right now okay river though we
have it work don't be late oh yeah java
hi-c oh I what did I maybe a hundred
times and yeah I got embarrassed Tristan
above the Baron really really hope that
what were you doing a guy let's Ronnie's
ok we're going 18 so you try one okay
what is once what if I don't like it
always used and after watching
zombieland I'll filter that take your
half before reusing this I don't know
what come on look at the cream in the
middle I have always wanted to taste it
first but we're both so much y
you got like I know it's just like those
cakes that anybody's around
Christmastime that only come out at
Christmas cummins these are awesome I
finally had a Twinkie so guys that was
the video angel did you have fun mate
yeah you liked it he loved that so a big
thank you to Cairo Michelle for
sponsoring this video I'm sending all
this candy Sarah mate yeah you're
amazing you should I told you to save
your mate yes Larry yeah okay so thank
you so much to Keira Michelle the
authors of the amazing book breeder
nation that beso finally sent me and you
can catch the review that I did in the
link down below I will link it down
below as well as where you can buy it
and yes so be sure to LIKE this video up
it was a big thumbs up and what else as
well as I do to crime the crime shows
the grippe so be sure to the crime ok be
short is the crime and kiss the bell and
also angel is finger who staying at our
own YouTube channel hello i am gonna set
my own meal up youtube youtube videos
and um um my this is gonna help me and
um see i will leave a link down below to
angels youtube channel she has many
videos up yet but be sure to subscribe
because she is going to be soon oh yeah
yeah yeah okay want to see more videos
like this and me with angels be sure to
subscribe subscribe ok so for now we're
going to say bye
[Music]